i
so we are the same that they are together
Yes
salgueiro
Who's next
his writings
There is not
but good
leader
For this
why
Y
berlin
say happy
and politicians
efe
its 20 people
In the next
two
i
but i believed yes
Yes
d
among them
in the middle
s
but not
event
of laws
baby
Y
but it's true mysteries
the 70
it's fair
I personally
Sun
Yes
in the defenseless mind
amazing
in saquisili and all said
the wounded we see
in this
but i'm not saying
Yes
the entree kaplan
with you
d
because it says
and it exists
because you are also people
journalist is a service
Y
Look
s
from you
exists
and them
the projection we have
Y
first
s
and other times
of surprise I know
in this
on Tuesday
and you
without seeing
and this place
if you want the lord comes back
of merits
we love you and you felt
i
so
Okay
i
Y
Yes
d
Y
But i do not know why
Yes Yes Yes
why
güiza
our tests is to use
the implicit but internal
same selection
intensifies
it's the theater
So
they
yes the god
but not
it is preventive
and yes
I dont know
the six months and there is
Y
d of the type
i something strange
writing
s
they
Yes Yes
Yes
good
well I'm always sorry
it's his fault
and i
Yes
why
always say
s the song of nations
god the man of the sea
yesterday arrests
Yes
and if you wish
but from the council
Yes
in '61
Yes, and
and me
but we request
Y
two
Yes
the skies the trip
Okay
vice and the caribbean
children
at that moment
in english louis
Hours ago
here
Y
if you carry
then
two
in the Ministry
and I did it
on your list it bites me
Y
if heaven d
the good bye
the king
but
the same
very good
m
we deposit
but yes
to my friends but yes no
of that he did analyze
i
we collect
sing that the children
i love you no
your exposure
Yes
Y
d
i
So
Yes
me
if
In the south
today is I imagine
your music
with
monkeys yes
the brains
But surely
the udinese
I love my country
sometimes
I come
two
so we go
and if we go
ace
Y
it was very difficult and psychologically
do not
baby
I prepare lieutenant
it's very good
and the restless
mission
Y
Okay
[Music]
good i
Yes
am
if we use I am
two
s
if they
oops
forever
are
Thank you
first very much
[Music]
s
persecution
their paints
yes doing
simplifying [Music]
as well
in two days
Yes
fifty
[Music] and snow
why
[Music] i
two
yes yes
today
2 so
it is estimated that 1
- that
do not
there are thousands
sushi
if you feel
inside the country
finish
of boys
then
2 2
Yes
and if you have already, I know
think about this man
[Music]
their diameter
do not
we explain why to killer artists
Yes
and the rich
marriages 2
and that's so I don't just want to play humans
Yes
and also above
but there it is
In day to day
I do not know
the memory
yes yes it's always more than that
my friend
it's like that
I don't know if they know
and a lot and
i swear 6
yes I don't have the report
but they would be the same
the different message
Yes
who is it
who wants relaxation
you are right
d
her expression
look
sometimes dresses
of the wind
Yes
Y
those attacks
Yes
before
in the study
yes yes explain someday
Justice
so is
yes yes you feel
from 16 and
in the country
if you wanted
So sad
d
Yes
Yes Yes
today
although I am then the first love
Yes
thickness adjustment that have indicated sites
16 and
that's because i'm ready
for example